I started dancing when I was about 16
years of age it's a bit of a troublesome
teenager or always get myself into
mischief
not always turn up to school I should
have been like right now no I found
dance by accident it was it was actually
a big big mistake like I was just I just
jamming in my room and duis and stuff
one day I did it in front of people and
told to hit some dance classes so went
to some dance classes went to college
got myself
got myself a bit warping education
started feeling that hunger for dance a
bit more and yeah life to around have
become a bit more of a wild behavior
young boy if you will when I first
started dancing I uh I started couple of
Michael Jackson's moves from his a 30th
anniversary he did on TV it's on MTV and
I started doing this I cried and the
moonwalk and just aggressive from there
so I'm moving things on spending hours
in front of mirror isolating your body
and yeah body pop him and it all came it
all became like a part of me but bit
more natural but I didn't didn't want to
stick with the one star core integration
from jazz from musical theatre from tap
and ballet ballet got it gives you the
strength you need in your core and
disability so just just found that the
more I want to dance the most stars are
dancing what's a very versatile there's
more versatile you are the bet you're
gonna be Street dances it's a style of
dance that you've even got it what you
haven't you need to feel the flow you
need to feel that it feel the creativity
rather than trying it try and force it
it's something you do because you
naturally do it you've just gained moves
and you put that into your natural
movement everyone doesn't move so if
there's a wave the courage for your arm
everyone's got their own version
everyone's got their own thing that own
Flair
and streetlights just about having what
you've got and whatever you've got you
make the most of it Street that's all
about individuality but at the same time
if you can blend in with a crew you as a
crew can get together and you do things
together and you've all got your own
little flavor it's just it's slightly
something phenomenal phenomenal
I hope phenomenal in this DVD you're
gonna see how you're gonna see top rock
you're gonna see a little bit of great
dancing and all these different styles
that they're gonna be coming to good use
it is not only just for fitness but
before when you are doing your own
dancing because you need versatility and
the versatility gives you it gives you
that certain edge Shafter and flair so
if you're if you're in a club if you're
in a competition you're doing something
other than just one style and you'll mix
them together we're going to blow people
away